Aburt demisto panorama update - polling commands (#15063)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Panorama
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

> - Added polling capability to several commands; panorama-cmmit, panorama-download-latest-content-update,
> panorama-install-latest-content-update, panorama-download-panos-version, panorama-install-panos-version,
>  panorama-install-file-content-update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the new argument ***polling*** to the commands: ***panorama-commit***, ***panorama-download-latest-content-update***, ***panorama-install-latest-content-update***, ***panorama-download-panos-version***, ***panorama-install-panos-version***, and ***panorama-install-file-content-update***. 
When ***polling*** is used, the command will try to return the results.
  The new commands allow users to run polling with a single command, that doesn't require ***GenericPolling Playbook***.
```
